#Draft for the final report. (Will be exported to PDF and printed before the presentation)

= Abstract =

(Write about 200 words to summarize all we have done.)

= Table of Contents =


= 1. Theory =

Name of our reconstruction method: *Direct Fourier Reconstruction*

Briefly explain how it works.

== 1.1.Central Slice Theorem (CST) ==
  * brief introduction
  * illustrations

=== 1.1.1. CTFT -> DTFT ===
  * how to apply CST to sampled (discrete time) data instead of continuous time data.
  * Explain some drawbacks with the new method (alising....)
=== 1.1.2. DTFT -> DFT ===
  * Explain why DTFT is impractical (limited memory)
  * Where is the DC? How to shift the DC before doing DFT?
 
=== 1.1.3. DFT -> FFT (Optional) ===
  * Explain why FFT is favoured than DFT (computer algorithm is more efficient; order of complexity N^2 -> NlogN)
  * How do modify the data before doing FFT? (zeropad)

== 1.2. Interpolation ==
  * Why interpolation is required? (FFT is more efficient in rectangular coordinate system)
  * Compare different methods (nearest point, linear, cubic).
  * (...)

= 2. Experiments =
== 2.1. Basic ==
=== 2.1.1. Number of sensors ===
 * Test and observe the effect of *linear density of sensors* on the quality of image.
 * Show revelent figures
 * Quantify the meaning of "quality", and plot the graph of "quality" against "no of sensors"

=== 2.1.2. Number of projection slices ===
 * Test and observe the effect of *number of projection slices* on the quality of image.
 * Show revelent figures
 * Quantify the meaning of "quality", and plot the graph of "quality" against "no of projection slices"

=== 2.1.3. Scan angle (<180, >180) (Optional) ===
 * Test and observe the effect of *scan angle* on the quality of image.
 * Show revelent figures
 * Quantify the meaning of "quality", and plot the graph of "quality" against "no of sensors"

=== 2.1.4. Historical results (Optional) ===
   * Search name of 1st generation CT machines / manufacturers that use parallel beams
   * Copy the specifications (no of sensors, number of slices, ...)
   * run simulations
   * Convince readers that our algorithm is compatible with reality.

== 2.2. Advanced ==
=== 2.2.1. Noise ===
  * Source of noise (background, scattereing, fog level, quantum jump in CCD????)
 * Test and observe the effect of *scan angle* on the quality of image.
 * Show revelent figures
 * Quantify the meaning of "quality", and plot the graph of "quality" against "no of sensors"
 * what could be done to reduce the impact?

=== 2.2.2. Sensor Damage ===
 * Nullify some sensors and observe the impact to image quality
 * Show revelent figures
 * quantify the meaning of "sensor damage" and "quality" and plot the graph of "quality" against "sensor damage"
 * what could be done to reduce the impact?
  
=== 2.2.3. Speed (Optional) ===
 * Compare the speed with different methods.
 * Ask for codes from other groups to compare the computation time
 * Explain why Direct Fourier Reconstruction is the fastest of all methods.

= 3. Conclusion =
 * what we have done
 * what makes direct fourier reconstruction possible?
 * Why filtered backprojection is preferred in clinics application?
 * what could be done to make this method better?
 * (...)

= Appendix =
== A. List of figures ==
== B. Matlab code Documentation ==

= References =
(Paste your reference here.)

Format: author, year, title, publisher(website name), link (APA style or IEEE style favoured)